The Joe Rogan experience. Look.
Predict let's go around the table. Eddie Bravo. What's up on.
Paper. Cabib takes this. Uh, I hope he wins only because,
uh, it would make a, like a, a monstrous fight between him and Tony. Ooh,
but you can't count Dustin out. You know, he could throw a flying knee,
but you got KIB could catch him. You be, uh,
if I had a gun to the head from him, gun to the head,
I'd go cabib that's the safe,
but I'm not gonna be surprised if Dustin drops him. I'm gonna.
Say pore third round Kao and then fights con McGregor. Whoa.
Hold on. PO fights McGregor.
You this wow. Call. What do you think I'm I'm going, but I.
Love Kaib. I'm go. I think Poer drops him in what round dude?
Um, in the fourth round type move. And I think, uh,
and I think he's gonna fight con mcgreor. Wow. Yeah, no, still here,
but I'm.
Just, that's how I feel. Okay. Well, you said exactly what I said, but how.
Do those reshoots go, Brian? I do do those reshoots shoot.
I'm glad you askedquestion. You can't get what were the lines? No.
No, no. those lines. Here we go. We're about to do this. Yeah. Please, please,
please.
I don't wanna talk about making the way know note how I've cleverly avoided
making a prediction. That's I let's move on. You can't make predictions.
You have to. Here we go. Here we go. Here we.
Oh. Look at that. Look at.
That. Now. Now.
Another thing interesting about Dustin is Dustin south paw with a nasty straight
left hand. Yep. And great combos. Although he did fight Connor,
it was also south paw. Yep.
Oh, that's a while ago. Dustin's got much longer. Arms.
Got better. Kicks. Dustin also has hip issues. He's a, uh,
some pretty significant wear and tear in his hip, man. He's fine.
He's a black belt on the ground, but I don't think cabibeb gives.
A flying fus. Dustsin's a black belt. Dustsin dust.
Uh- oh, dust caught that leg under Tim crater. I believe.
His crater, his training partners were guys like, you know, robbiey Lawler,
et cetera. Before law Robbie went left, uh.
ATG. That's a long time ago. Brian, look, notice that right away.
It doesn't matter is staying on the outside. Cabib is avoiding the kicks.
He's staying away from Dustin's striking length.
Cuz Dustin's striking length is a boxing length. Right?
So Dustin's forced to throw kicks, which he doesn't necessarily prefer.
So when he' is throwing those kicks,
cabibbe's caught a couple of 'em already or caught one of them at least. Right.
But he's avoided the kicks, but see the distance. Yep. Look at the distance.
See cabib is staying outside the striking range and looking for that opening for
the shot. See, see, Dustin's forced to throw kicks, but he's not a kicker.
It's not his. Especially with a bad hip. And so cabib look at that.
Oh cabbe. There's the shot there's shot. He's not gonna here's the,
Dustin's no punk with his taking down to fence man. Right.
But HES neverought anybody like cabib never fought anybody. That's that good?
Yeah. But here he goes. But the other thing is even if KA,
even if cabibbe doesn't take you down the draining, he drains,
he gets tired too, though. He does like there's a lot of energy for, and then,
then becomes a strikes. Does he get tired though? Really? Yeah. Really?
I Quint uh, con McGregor fights. He takes rounds off. He comes striking me.
Yeah. But you know that's coming, you know, that's coming. Get up, stand up,
stand up, stand up, stand up the malling. stand up.
The malling he up. We're good. We're not quite, not quite. He's not up yet.
Boom. No, Dustin's gonna get taken down every round. Yeah he is. It's its,
if Kenny it' a switch. Nope. On his
don't try switch it's around. Not good. It might be over round. Very bad.
It could be very, very, very, very could first round stop.
Very bad for Dustin. Very at, he might get smashed here.
Oh look how he pulls his face. Like that. Yous actually got fingers in his eyes,
man. I can did like, like a bear. What is that? A hundred dollars.
<laugh> that's about my hundred dollars. You know? What's crazy.
You know what's crazy is that, oh my God. It's over. It's a wrap. It's over.
He's gonna use that. Folkcal trap. He put no it's not over.
No couldn. Dude that was close to being over was very close.
That was close to being. Overrus someone. Here's a jujitsu coach. Big shots.
The head is this is this where dust wants to be sideways.
Like not where he wants to be, but sideways in this chair. No, no.
He's he's in a good spot right now. The cage right here. Look at' cage.
The face, man. Look at,
he's actually using the cage to defend the rear naked choke. Cuz he's got the,
he doesn't have the angle.
See I how he sideways mm-<affirmative> he's using that cage. Covering his mouth.
It's it's it's sobullshituch this couldn' have been guns. He wear for dust.
This might be it. This might be it. This might be it. Dustin trying.
He's trying to survive, man. He's trying to survive.
It's crazy as that more people haven't adopted this fight side.
Oh he's nasty neck crank here. He Dustin survive. It's dust't survive us.
Stand up. Please. Stand up. Standing, standing, standing, turn, turn.
Whoa. Don't count him out. That was so close.
He just asked for the money back you up. I don't remember that.
You're off the train. I don't have any dust.
He's he's out. No turn. Don't don't do that. I don't know why he did that.
I Don'. Cause he take separate. The handss taken down.
Cause he's trying to separate the hands. He should never turn your back on bead.
I think he's just trying to separate the hands. Right? Okay.
He just tried to face the hands. He got a minute left. Let's go. Come on. Just,
just be cool. He might just try to wear this out or ride this out rather.
He's gonna, he's gonna survive to the second round for sure. Who for dusts?
Third round he a minute. Go man. Look. Anything can happen? No, no. He's good.
It's gonna take, there you go. Look at that trip. Look, be beautiful.
Trip Rick up. He standing up, you just keep standing up.
You know he's gonna get slammed right now. He is he both.
By the way he controls this does he? There's no one better, man. He's the best.
He's a mall or bro. He's the best. He's a smaller man. He can wrestles with.
Oh he tried that last time. He up. It's not gonna work.
His hands were his hands were close.
A switch is not gonna work on your hands a lot. It could be just too good.
It's not gonna work on. And now he's mounted man. Now he's mounted.
This is no Buo only 20 seconds. He's what what's no Buo no, no he's.
Good. Connor chilled here in the Mount.
Remember? Yeah but listen, this is cause we really don't do work. Now.
This is a different fight.
It's entirely possible that cabibbe could get him here. It'd be tough.
Look at this. Look at this. Boom boom, boom. Oh. This ain't good.
This ain't good. How much time? This ain't 10 seconds.
5, 4, 3, 2. That's Jesus survive.
He's survive. Tough down. Yeah, he survives. He's fine. Not a mark Onno.
This is gonna happen in Poia.
Funny. Third, fourth round man. Yep. If he can make a third, fourth round thats.
That was crazy. That was crazy. I'm out. We gotta get some food after that.
Yeah. Let's get food after this. We'll go get some could be so.
Monster. God, but that's you gotta walk through the fire to get to that third,
fourth round man. Yes.
Yes.
You gotta hope he gets tired from whooping your.
He's done. He's done that third and fourth round.
He was telling barbbo said come on man. No, his different animal.
Barbarabo yeah. Who? Boy, Tom mcg give up. But they.
But they know Dustin knows this. He's listen. He has, how many fights?
40 fights. He knows this. He' been in the game for so long man.
Yeah, he's been down. He's been up. He knows how to lose.
He's not gonna freak out. HES. Fine. He's lost before and bounce back.
He's not he not shin his pants right now. He's a full veteran.
He's a full veteran. He's fine. I mean, he's a,
he's not a guy that's gonna get broken.
And at this stage of his life got beaten. Capib in front.
Of his dad though. I Don', the odds.
Are not good in front of Russia, sir.
In front of Russia and mean he's in,
abuha's got Asias. Abbu I' saying what I'm saying is that Russia's watching.
Here we go. Here we go. HES watching. Here we go. Well now you know,
Dustin's gonna want to avoid going to the ground at all costs lower stance now
and then avoiding the distance. He's still with those kicks, man.
I think he waits for cabib to come in. I would say avoid those kicks and,
and just wait for oh Jesus. Look at that. Oh he got, he got clipped dude.
Here's the problem about cabib is the striking's not terrible.
And you're so worried about the take down. Remember when he dropped Connor?
Yeah. Oh.
Hold on. Well he's dropped. Other guy is too. It's like he's. Oh.
He gotow. Oh. This is what dust.
No, you. You' off the train off the train
dude.
Yeah, but he can', he can't get crazy. He can't he's wearing him out.
He's wearing out. Right.
But he can't get crazy because he'll he'll run into a take down. Oh the crazy.
He might be in trouble. He, he just clipipped them again. Yeah.
Cabib might be in trouble here. That's the dark point. Dustin's tired.
Dustin's tired. No. Yes he is. Yes. HES. Very tired. He's.
Tired. He's just chased him for a minute. Dude.
Took a, a deep breath look or maybe he trick dude, there's a shot. Here's fake.
Oh, look at this. Gaillot attempt. That's not idea. This is bad. It's also bad.
Been with a hundred and 20 degree heat index inside that arena. He got so tired.
Uh, like that something happened. dude.
He had him right there.
What do you mean? Something happened? He, he just ex you know,
put his energy out there trying to finish him. Cuz he hurt him a little bit.
Well, he got real wild. He got real wild. Dustin has get wild.
Yeah. He had to. That was, he has to way.
Around now. Now this is a big, if I, by three minutes,
20 seconds will in the second round. Why does he have to get wild? When,
when you clipped someone, he knocked him out. Right.
But he clipped him and hurt him. He could just do that again.
He could just stay technical and keep it on the outside.
Which where I think he has an advantage. I don't think his wildness.
Was the result of this takedown. I think he.
Exhaustion. He got taken. But the wildness leads to you being exhausted.
They're they're both. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh. Be exhausted. They're both. Yes.
Cause both those big punches exhaust cabib they're tired, but,
but cabibbe is way more, more efficient at doing this. Yes.
He clips your legs. He crosses your legs.
Like a girl scout and no one's figured it.
Girl Scouts crossed your legs like that. I don't know. Is that a move on camp?
Did you go to, is that like a merit badge?
I don't wanna talk about it when I was younger, I was dressed girls.
It's how I got myself through college. All right. All right, here we go.
It' it's gonna be two minutes and 30 seconds of this. Okay. It's a lot,
lot of time.
Dustin just has to kind of hopefully capize on those little moments, by the way.
He's kind of resting here. He's kind of resting here. He.
Survives here and then tries it again in the its not in the fourth.
He just gotta survive. Sitting against.
Case. Gonna get another shot.
It it's really dependent upon what kind of recovery he can have,
how he's dealing with the heat and how, what kind of, oh God he gave back.
He justs back up again, man. But if he's gonna stand.
Up and then use and then look, he's bleeding on his left eye. He's relaxed.
He's relaxing. That's a bad kind. This isn't a place to relax though.
Kibdo goes, he's gonna.
Get back. He's gonna face him. Right?
He's gonna get that left under and he's fine.
All he is gotta do is just pull that left underhoo out and he' is good.
Pull that left. Oh. Oh he didn't get it. He.
Just pressure on no Don go guilty.
You taken don't sit back. There you go. Underhoos.
That pressure. That pressure.
Dude. Kaib got serious.
Pressure. The head pressures. The best we forget about that.
Well his head pressure and the way he dips his body down and gets all the,
his weight into.
It on his feet though. Dude, he's on his.
Feet. Well, his head belongs on braweer by the way for Kabe,
he's got the biggest head. He got up to his feet. Oh,
but gotta don't what is he gonna do? Maybe Gramby roll.
All he is gotta do is keep getting up and just kill time. There's a minute.
Just kill. This is just killing time.
Him for Dustin for another shot to get hopefully shot. That's smart.
Another shot. Smart. Another shot. That's.
Your best bet. Smart, smart. Just frustra. Frustra.
Don't go for the guilt's frustrating. Take guilty. HES. Not there. Stand up.
Well he doesn't have a neck dude.
There's no way he's gonna GU it to him. No.
You wish he imagine if he did the only way he.
Could GU it to him is if Dustin is known for acious guillotating and that's of
that I.
I, well, he is gotta galaacious Dar his Dar is fantastic. Good.
I'm liking this right now. Oh, elbow, elbow. Oh, oh.
Right. A shot.
Shot to separate.
Is not gonna breath with it, man. He doesn't give.
You any breath. He can't dude. He shouldve just ran at that point. Like.
Ran really ran it. Doesn't hit him in the knee. Like Patrick overing style.
Exciting over ran.
As soon as our separation run.
Oh, look at this up again. Up again. Run. Look at this up again. Oh,
ittripped him it beautiful trip. Not enough time. He's good. 17 stand up.
Stand up. 16, 16. I'm I'm telling you Dustin's not taking a lot of damage.
He might be tired, but he is not taking as much damage as he could. Ah, yeah.
Yeah.
Aren't you an actor.
Or something? He got hit with a big knee there. Man. Who did? Dustin did?
Oh. Back on their feet. two rounds of fury.
Look at this. God. He's tired for sure. Of course. Is he tired though? Course.
That's the question.
HES kill third and fourth round is usually a tough time for him.
I'll say this though. It's kind of impressive.
What Connor did coming back of that long layoff.
Cuz we see what he's doing to Dustin. Doesn't everybody.
He's I'm just saying for whatconnor. You know he did defend a few take downs.
Know what? I landed. Some jobs.
I see Dustin like, like this is the game plan. Wear him out a.
Hundred percent round. A hundred percent. The survives survive survives.
Dustin's a hundred percent dangerous. He's in the mix right now.
And you knock you out at any anymore. I would love to be listening to uh,
Mike Brown's coaching. I take too. Just keep, you know what?
If he takes you down, just.
Survive. Survive. I love Mike bra. Beginning of the round. His shot watch shot.
Got shots. Cliff. Knock him out. Oh that was legit man. Beauty clip.
That was legit. Yeah. Legit. Oh, another left.
Look at that. He dude, he heard him. He heard him. Oh. And then the shot man.
He screws up. The thing is you go looking for that shot. up.
You gotta the conservative looking for those shots.
You gotta be real conservative, but can, if you wanna win, if you wanna win,
you gotta get wild. Oh yeah. He's so he's gotta just look at every go.
Here we go. Yeah. Every beginning.
Of every round is the time to knock him out. And once you get shot on. Okay,
just survive. Is that.
Two chains in the crowd? How the did that happen? Two chains there.
It looked like, look, how do you know what two chains looks like?
I don't know to what's.
Two chains.
What is that? What'd you say? Jamie, sit next to Dana.
Is he two jamess what is two chains? He's a rapper. Oh really?
He debated Nancy grace about marijuana. He hasn't been hot for a second, but oh.
Maybe he's hot throwing this wide looping thing. He looked, he looks tired.
That's he's certainly tired. Yeah. You know he's certainly tired.
He's looking for like that is the problem meant this is it.
Oh Dustin. Oh, that's tight. No no's that is tight. No, no that is tight.
No, that is tight.
Nugggy snuugggy no that's sugggy Snugy sugggy that is S S S delicious.
That is tight dude. It'seliciouss delicious. He doesn have a leg doesn.
He's gonna get tired. Holy rolled. What the? Tight. Holy rolled.
It's still tight. Oh, it's tight. That's tight. Always rolling to his back,
dude. Is he gonna put him to sleep? Oh my God. This is is incredible.
This is incredible. It's tight. No, he lost it. He lost it. No,
he's still in it. No, he lost it. Nope. He's out. He's out. That was.
But look at this. Look at sugnuck. Now he gave his back his back. Now you.
Cabib off.
He tried to take a little breather after he let go of that guillo team.
You tugged on his neck. You tugged on the bear's neck. Now he is gonna you up.
Look at his dad right there. Nothing moves on his face. Makes you think.
Look a elite Brazilian jujijitsu black belt gets him in a position like that.
As he's trying to take him down. Hey,
he's an elite Brazilian jujiitsu black belt. Hey, no like a Dobi Ramo too. No,
no, no. You know, you know who I think has the style to beat. Cabbe who?
Tony Ferguson. Ortega. Brian Ortega or Tony Ferguson. But Brian Ortega,
as far as his, uh, neck attacks. But the thing about Tony. Oh, oh, here's that?
Fulcrm truck. Oh no. Might be it. Oh, this might be it. Nope. Nope. Tony.
Cabib's the fight all day. I, I see, I disagree with Brian. Artte you?
Cuz he's too small. He's 145 pounder. Oh he's a huge 40 fighter.
He's forty45 pound Ferguson is the man. Oh he's under the neck.
This is it's over. It's over it. It's over. It' it's over. It' tap. Tap's over.
That's it. Wow.
Cabib he's a monster is Monster's Tony cabib now dude. It's Tony.
Cabbe look at this. Even cabbe said that though. Cabib is a monster.
What's he doing? Is he hugging his dad?
Where's he running into the crowd for where'd the camera go?
Did he go to hug his dad? Yeah. Yeah. Oh he's Hugg he's Dana. Oh,
look at that man. That's amazing. He's hugging everybody. Wow.
He's humping people too. I think they're jumping up and down with him.
That's his dad I think is with the white hair. We went on a,
we went out on a limb. Brian. It made it fun. It made it fun, Brian. Well,
he was on money. 400. You gotta take your money. Look at this.
He a minus is 400 for a reason. Mine. I loaned you a hundred. You owe it to me.
Geez. Four.